docs(connector): add zod suggestion and update connector contents (#190)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/recipes/create-your-connector/fragments/_types_contents.md

- Request parameter types
- Response parameter types
- Error types

:::note
We STRONGLY recommend using [_Zod_](https://github.com/colinhacks/zod) to build type guards for the connector's config, requests, and responses.

> Zod could be beneficial when trying to set up connectors, and the toast will show detailed error messages from ZodError if your config JSON is invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zod could be beneficial when trying to set up connectors, and a toast with detailed error messages from ZodError will show up if your config JSON is invalid.
```
Just being nit-picking
